4.1. Learning Outcomes
In Synapse I was able to gain a good knowledge in various areas like Elastic stack, Nagios monitoring
system, Apache Jmeter, Spring-boot, REST APIs, Working with Linux environment, Commands, Shell
scripting are special skills I have gained in my internship period. Furthermore I have mentioned the
technical things above in the section 2.3. Some tools & technologies were totally new to me, so I had to
go through the documentations well to learn these technologies and got the help of senior members
when I’m stuck. At the end of the internship I was able to familiar with all those technologies with the
help of tutorials and the help given by senior members.
As an intern it was not only the technical skills I added to my life. With the projects and other I could
improve lot of professional skills like attending industrial meetings. I managed to improve compliance
to process, Team work, communication skills, presentation skills and negotiation skills.
4.2. My reflection on the entire internship programme
I started my internship on 03rd of September 2018. Since the beginning I was welcomed by all
staff members as a new member to Synapse Solutions company. Day by day I got to know almost
everyone from senior to junior members.
I was very lucky because my supervisor was the manager of Synapse DevOps Unit II and he is a
senior software architect. He is a well experienced person and a really kind and helpful person. I have
learned lots of things from him. When I have a trouble he suggested always a simple and
implementable solution. The best thing happened to me in my internship was the chance I got to work
under his supervision.
I was assigned to work in doc990 monitoring system in dialog developed by Synapse. Also I had a
chance to attend meeting with Dialog and it was a huge experience to my life. I must thank to mysupervisor for having faith in me and give me the chance to work in that system. I was given fix some
bugs in the system and did lot of operation works in the system. I communicated with dialog’s staff
members many times and gave reasonable solutions to those issues they have informed.
The facilities and all other things given to us even though we are interns. All the staff members were